# Meeting memo
For **07-17-2018**

<!-- @import "[TOC]" {cmd="toc" depthFrom=1 depthTo=6 orderedList=false} -->

<!-- code_chunk_output -->

* [Meeting memo](#meeting-memo)
	* [Demands for the system](#demands-for-the-system)
		* [Data](#data)
			* [Activity Pane](#activity-pane)
			* [Status Pane](#status-pane)
		* [Analysis](#analysis)
			* [Aggregation Group](#aggregation-group)
		* [Reuse results from previous downsample](#reuse-results-from-previous-downsample)
	* [Future needs](#future-needs)
		* [Local storage cluster](#local-storage-cluster)
		* [Automation](#automation)
		* [Medication](#medication)
		* [Research diary](#research-diary)

<!-- /code_chunk_output -->

## Demands for the system

Following are organized by pages or topics.

### Data

#### Activity Pane

- Being able to view the records for the failed files.

#### Status Pane

- (Not sure) Filter out patients based on gender or age (or mix) and export a PID (?) list

### Analysis

- Generate a diagram (awaiting further info) when doing queries. Could be a picture or a spreadsheet. However for CSV files, the following must be included:

  * Number of patients that has enough/insuff. data
  * (Probably more?)
  * Available data in the InfluxDB **when doing** the export.

Anyway, waiting for more info and correct me if I'm wrong.

#### Aggregation Group

- FFT Spectrogram/aEEG: Major UI improve.

For `Ix_n`, change (map) `n` to a specific frequency (or description). Do the same for the `Columns` down below. That's easier to understand.

**AND, we should be able to alter the columns!**

- The second pane

Support multi-selection. Since some columns could be combined *(Changes for UI and backend)* like the previous updates, the third pane shouldn't be long. We could just add all the results to the fourth pane.

- Skip the `Time` column

### Reuse results from previous downsample

> Reimport downsampled results into the InfluxDB. Like materialized views in aggregate navigator.

Problems:

- Saving strategy: Based on what? Time? Attribute? **Could we combine then?**
- Warning when the DB has been altered after the previous downsample results.
  * Show summary of the current DB if possible

## Future needs

### Local storage cluster

- Support InfluxDB, spreadsheets and raw EEGs. Total (min) of `30+25+10=65T` data.
- Costing: RAID card? HDD? HR?

### Automation

- Leveled automation (Like auto-driving)
- APIs for the software that process the raw data from medical devices.

(Ideal) Workflow:

```
EEG -> CSV (ar & noar) -> InfluxDB
```

### Medication

Treat it as a new kind of **time-series data**. Start doing so now.

### Research diary

- [ ] Workflow of current system, together with intro and challenges.
- [ ] Test case for the system.
